Base Head on 4.1, add suport for SLE15SP2 (#634)
uyuni-project/sumaform: README_ADVANCED.md

Legal values for work-in-progress software are:
 * `3.2-nightly` (corresponds to the Build Service project Devel:Galaxy:Manager:3.2)
 * `4.0-nightly` (corresponds to the Build Service project Devel:Galaxy:Manager:4.0)

>  * `head` (corresponds to the Build Service project Devel:Galaxy:Manager:Head, for `suse_manager` and `suse_manager_proxy`only works with SLE15SP2 image)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `head` (corresponds to the Build Service project Devel:Galaxy:Manager:Head, for `suse_manager` and `suse_manager_proxy`only works with the latest supported SLES image)
```

Author: I'd rather not change it.

Reason: Let's suppose SLE15SP3 goes out, and people test it and it fails. Having this mention makes clear things need to be changed.

Reviewer: ok
